Improvements for draft-sharabayko-srt-01 (#109)
Haivision/srt-rfc: draft-sharabayko-srt.md

that have not been delivered in time. The timeout of dropping a packet is based on the 
TSBPD mechanism ({{tsbpd}}).

> When TLPKTDROP mechanism is enabled, a packet is considered "too late" to be
> delivered and may be dropped by the sender if the packet timestamp is older than
> TLPKTDROP_THRESHOLD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the TLPKTDROP mechanism is enabled, a packet is considered "too late" to be
delivered and may be dropped by the sender if the packet timestamp is older than
TLPKTDROP_THRESHOLD.
```

> TLPKTDROP_THRESHOLD is related to the SRT latency ({{srt-latency}}). For an effective functioning of
> the Too-Late Packet Drop mechanism, it is recommended that a higher value than the SRT latency is used.
> This will allow the SRT receiver to drop missing packets first while the sender drops packets if
> only no proper response is received from the peer in time (e.g., due to severe congestion).
> The recommended threshold value is 1.25 times the SRT latency value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLPKTDROP_THRESHOLD is related to SRT latency ({{srt-latency}}). For the Too-Late Packet Drop mechanism to function effectively, it is recommended that a value higher than the SRT latency is used.
This will allow the SRT receiver to drop missing packets first while the sender drops packets if a proper response is not received from the peer in time (e.g., due to severe congestion).
The recommended threshold value is 1.25 times the SRT latency value.
```

> Note that the SRT sender keeps packets for at least 1 second in case the
> latency is not enough for a large RTT (that is, if TLPKTDROP_THRESHOLD is less 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the SRT sender keeps packets for at least 1 second in case the
latency is not high enough for a large RTT (that is, if TLPKTDROP_THRESHOLD is less 
```

where T_NOW is the current time according to the receiver clock.

When a receiver encounters the situation where the next packet to be played was not
successfully received from the sender, the receiver will "skip" this packet
and send a fake ACK packet ({{packet-acks}}). To the sender, this fake ACK is a real ACK,
and so it just behaves as if the packet had been received.
This facilitates the synchronization between SRT sender and receiver. The fact that a packet was
skipped remains unknown by the sender. It is recommended that skipped packets are recorded
in the statistics on the SRT receiver.

> The TLPKTDROP mechanism can be turned off to always ensure a clean
> delivery. However, a lost packet can simply pause a delivery for some
> longer, potentially undefined time, and cause even worse tearing
> for the player. Setting higher SRT latency will help much more in the
> case when TLPKTDROP causes packet drops too often.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TLPKTDROP mechanism can be turned off to always ensure a clean
delivery. However, a lost packet can simply pause a delivery for some
longer, potentially undefined time, and cause even worse tearing
for the player. Setting SRT latency higher will help much more in the event that TLPKTDROP causes packet drops too often.

```

## General Syntax

This recommended syntax starts with the characters known as an executable specification in POSIX: `#!`.

The next character defines the format used for the following key-value pair syntax.
At the moment, there is only one supported syntax identified by `:` and described below.

> Everything that comes after syntax identifier is further referenced as the content of Stream ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everything that comes after a syntax identifier is further referenced as the content of the Stream ID.
```

> The content starts with `:` or `{` character identifying the its format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content starts with a `:` or `{` character identifying its format:
```

`:`

> : a comma-separated key-value pairs with no nesting,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: a comma-separated key-value pair with no nesting,
```

Author: @cmollahan Perhaps,

> comma-separated key-value pairs with no nesting,

because it can be one or several pairs in the following format
`key1=value1,key2=value2,...`?

Reviewer: Yes, that sounds good. I would just remove the 'a' at the beginning of the line.

`{`

> : a nested block with one or several key-value pairs that must end with `}` character. Nesting means that multiple level brace-enclosed parts are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: a nested block with one or several key-value pairs that must end with a `}` character. Nesting means that multiple level brace-enclosed parts are allowed.
```
